
Attachment Sakthivel-Aug (2).pdf added.Conversation opened. 2 messages. All messages read.

Skip to content
Using Gmail with screen readers
suganiya@cogentsoftsystems.com 
3 of 10
✉️ Job | F2F | Immediate | Nodejs Developer |Chennai in Chennai
Inbox

Cogentsoft Systems <suganiyaY29nZW50c29mdHN5c3RlbXMuY29t@naukri.com> Unsubscribe
Wed 23 Jul, 20:40
to me


naukri.com	
Get app		
	

Sakthivel A, you're invited to apply to this job
	
	

	
Cogentsoft Systems



	
	
F2F | Immediate | Nodejs Developer |Chennai
		Chennai
		3 - 7 years
		Not Disclosed
		In office
		nodejs, Javascript, Node, MongoDB
	
Apply now

Job description

Immediate Opening: Node.js Developer Guindy, Chennai (F2F Interview )


Requirements:

Candidates with maximum 10 days of experience in Node.js
Available for face-to-face interview this week (No virtual rounds)
Only eligible candidates should apply; others please do not apply
Interview Evaluation Criteria:

DSA (Data Structures and Algorithms) Programming
Node.js Concepts
Database Knowledge
System Design
Interview Level: Level 2 only in F2F (No virtual rounds not even for the 1st level)


Interview Process:

Face-to-face interview at our client Guindy ,Chennai office.
If you are interested in this opportunity, please send your resume to suganiya@cogentsoftsystems.com with the subject line "Nodejs- (MARK% in BE/B Tech)" with Notice Period.


📬 Lets Connect!
I'm always open to opportunities, collaborations, and meaningful conversations.

📧 Email: suganiya@cogentsoftsystems.com

Mobile :9677744045 ( Call people with immediate notice period)
🔗 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/suganiya-s-g/

Lets create impact, together. 🚀

You are receiving this e-mail because your profile contained one or more of the following words that the recruiter searched on : "Node, NOdejs"
	
Apply now



	
The sender of this email is registered with Naukri.com as Cogentsoft Systems (Flat No G1, OLD No 12,New no 27 Kripasankari Stree t, West Mambalam, Chennai Chennai, Tamil Nadu , Chennai, Tamilnadu, India). The responsibility of checking the authenticity of offers/correspondence lies with you. If you consider the content of this email inappropriate or spam, forward this email to compliance@naukri.com. You can also block this recruiter from searching your resume.

	
Applies are a click away on the Naukri app
Available on				

Get App

	

Scan to download

	
Facebook		Twitter		Instagram
Unsubscribe	|	Report a problem
You have received this mail because your e-mail ID is registered with Naukri.com. This is a system-generated e-mail, please don't reply to this message.
Please do not pay any money to anyone who promises to find you a job. IEIL shall not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit our Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more information.


Cogentsoft Systems <suganiyaY29nZW50c29mdHN5c3RlbXMuY29t@naukri.com>
Wed 23 Jul, 20:44
to me

Suganiya@cogentsoftsystems.com. Press Tab to insert.