JavaScript
1.what is JavaScript?
    JavaScript (JS) is a high-level, interpreted programming language primarily used to create interactive and dynamic content on the web. While HTML provides the structure and CSS handles the styling, JavaScript defines the behavior of a website, enabling features like animated graphics, interactive forms, and real-time updates without page reloads.
2.Execution context?
    In JavaScript, an Execution Context is the environment created by the engine to evaluate and execute code. It acts as a "container" that holds all the information necessary for the currently running code, such as variables, functions, and the value of
    1. Components of Execution Context
    Every execution context is logically divided into two parts: 
    Memory Component (Variable Environment): Where variables and functions are stored as key-value pairs. 
    Code Component (Thread of Execution): Where code is executed line-by-line. 
    2. Types of Execution Context
    Global Execution Context (GEC): Created by default when a script first runs. There is only one GEC per program, and it creates the global object (window in browsers) and the this keyword. 
    Function Execution Context (FEC): Created every time a function is invoked. Each function call gets its own unique context. 
    Eval Execution Context: Created when code is executed inside an eval() function (rarely used and generally discouraged). 
    3. The Two Phases of Execution
    When code runs, the execution context goes through two distinct phases: 

    Creation Phase (Memory Allocation): The engine scans the code and allocates memory for variables and functions. 

    Functions are stored in their entirety.
    Variables declared with var are initialized as undefined.
    Variables declared with let and const are hoisted but remain uninitialized (Temporal Dead Zone).
    Execution Phase: The engine runs the code line-by-line, assigning actual values to variables and executing function calls. 
3.Whats is call stack? & code Execution?
Call stack is manage the order of the code excution in the excution context

    The Call Stack and Code Execution are the mechanisms JavaScript uses to manage the order and environment in which your code runs. Since JavaScript is single-threaded, it can only do one thing at a time, and the Call Stack ensures those tasks happen in the correct sequence. 
    What is the Call Stack?
    The Call Stack is a data structure that tracks every function called in your script. It operates on the LIFO (Last-In, First-Out) principle: the last function added to the stack is the first one to be executed and removed. 
    Pushing: When you call a function, a new Execution Context for that function is created and "pushed" onto the top of the stack. 
    Executing: The engine always executes the function that is currently at the very top of the stack. 
    Popping: Once a function finishes (reaches a return or the end of its code), its context is "popped" off the stack, and the engine resumes the function below it. 
    Global Context: The Global Execution Context (GEC) is the very first item pushed onto the stack and remains at the bottom until the entire script finishes. 
    How Code Execution Works
    Code execution happens in two distinct phases within every execution context: 
    Memory Creation Phase (Hoisting): 
    The engine scans the code before running it.
    It allocates memory for all variables and functions.
    Variables declared with var are set to undefined, while function declarations are stored in their entirety.
    Code Execution Phase: 
    The engine runs the code line-by-line.
    This is where actual values are assigned to variables and functions are physically invoked.
    If the engine sees a function call, it pauses the current execution, creates a new context, pushes it to the Call Stack, and starts these two phases again for that specific function.
4.Hoisting
    Is a JS behavior like move the declarated variable and function to top of the contaning scope before code is execution
    Hoisting is a JavaScript behavior where the interpreter appears to move variable and function declarations to the top of their containing scope (global or function) before the code is executed.
    1. How It Works Under the Hood
    During the Creation Phase of the Execution Context, the JavaScript engine scans the code and allocates memory for all declarations. 

    Declarations are hoisted.
    Initializations (assignments) are not hoisted; they remain exactly where you wrote them. 

    2. Hoisting by Keyword
    The way hoisting behaves depends on how the variable or function is declared: 
    var: The declaration is hoisted and initialized with a default value of undefined.
    javascript
    console.log(x); // Output: undefined
    var x = 5;
    Use code with caution.
    let and const: These are hoisted but not initialized. They enter a "Temporal Dead Zone" (TDZ) from the start of the block until the declaration line is reached. Accessing them early throws a ReferenceError.
    javascript
    console.log(y); // ReferenceError: Cannot access 'y' before initialization
    let y = 10;
    Use code with caution.

    Function Declarations: The entire function (both the name and the body) is hoisted, meaning you can call the function before its definition.
    javascript
    greet(); // Output: "Hello!"
    function greet() { console.log("Hello!"); }
    Use code with caution.

    Function Expressions & Arrow Functions: These are treated like variables. If declared with var, they are undefined; if with let/const, they are in the TDZ.
    javascript
    sayHi(); // TypeError: sayHi is not a function (if using var)
    var sayHi = function() { console.log("Hi!"); };
    Use code with caution.
5.The Temporal Dead Zone (TDZ)?
    The TDZ is the period between the start of a block and the moment a let or const variable is declared. During this time, the variable exists in memory but is completely inaccessible to prevent bugs caused by using uninitialized values
        Summary Table
    Type 	Hoisted?	Initial Value	Result if accessed before declaration
    var	Yes	undefined	undefined
    let / const	Yes	None	ReferenceError (TDZ)
    Function Declaration	Yes	Entire Function	Executes normally
    Function Expression	Only variable	undefined (for var)	TypeError or ReferenceError    
6.ReferenceError
    In JavaScript, a ReferenceError occurs when you attempt to access a variable that either does not exist, has not been declared yet, or is outside the current scope.
7.Function
